[Music]
tell me something
why is it so hard for you to kill this
man
he knew every move of mine before I made
it
I have them right there take the shot
and he'd be gone like a ghost do you
really wanna live
[Music]
who is he
I think I know why as good as you
he is you twenty five years ago they
made you from me they chose me because
there's never been anybody like me we
have to end this right now
you have all of his gifts without his
pain
you made a person out of another person
then you sent me to kill him he made a
choice to do this to me
this thing to hear our struggle went
it's fear
embrace it and then overcome it
and all the people in the world to come
after me why would he send you
I've got Seth than yo
[Music]
you know
God set
[Music]